# Health and Safety at Work Policy
This policy sets out our arrangements for ensuring that we meet our health and safety obligations to colleagues and anyone visiting our premises or affected by our work. We will continue to review this policy to ensure it is achieving its aims. This policy applies to all Infinity Works colleagues i.e. employees, directors and contractors.

## Your responsibilities
All Infinity Works colleagues share responsibility for achieving safe working conditions. You must take care of your own health and safety and that of others, observe applicable safety rules and follow instructions for the safe use of equipment. You should report any health and safety concerns immediately to your Manager. You must co-operate with your Manager on health and safety including the investigation of any incident. Failure to comply with this policy may be treated as misconduct and dealt with under our Disciplinary Procedure. We will inform and consult directly with all Infinity Works colleagues regarding health and safety matters. If you consider yourself to have a disability, we encourage you to speak with the People Ops team to make them aware.  We will work with you to consider any reasonable adjustments to support you at work, and will consult with a medical professional where appropriate. 

## Accidents and First Aid
All accidents and injuries at work, however minor, should be reported to the [People Ops team](mailto:people@infinityworks.com) and recorded in the Accident Book which is maintained by the Facilities team in each office. First aid kits are also kept in the office kitchen areas, please contact the [People Team](mailto:people@infinityworks.com) if you are unable to locate one.

## Fire Safety and Risk Assessments
All Infinity Works colleagues should familiarise themselves with the fire safety instructions which are displayed in the kitchen areas in each office. If you hear a fire alarm, leave the building immediately by the nearest fire exit and go to the fire assembly point (shown on the fire safety instructions). Fire drills will be held regularly and must be taken seriously. We also have an annual external fire risk assessment for non-serviced offices. A personal emergency evacuation plan (PEEP) will be put in place for those who require one,  to manage an employees escape to a place of safety and to ensure that the correct level of assistance is always available in the event of a fire. We carry out general workplace risk assessments periodically. The purpose is to assess the risks to health and safety of employees, visitors and other third parties as a result of our activities and to identify any measures that need to be taken to control those risks. Infinity Works will undertake a separate risk assessment for any young persons (anyone under 18 years of age) employed by IW or visiting the office.

## Computers and Display Screen Equipment
We will ensure that you are given adequate training and supervision to perform your work competently and safely. Infinity Works colleagues will be given health and safety training as and when considered necessary. You must use equipment in accordance with any instructions given to you. Any equipment fault or damage must immediately be reported to your Manager.
As you use a computer screen or other display screen equipment (DSE) as a significant part of your work, you are entitled to a workstation assessment and regular eyesight tests by an optician at our expense. Further information on workstation assessments and eye tests can be obtained from the  [People Ops team](mailto:people@infinityworks.com).

## Communications in the event of an incident
Should a major incident occur (e.g. a fire, or terrorist threat etc), the Office Manager and Operations Director for that office will communicate with the people in the office that day to let them know what's happening, and to confirm the actions that should be taken. 

In the event of an evacuation, the fire alarm will sound and normal evacuation procedures should be followed, but in the case of other sorts of incident, the procedure may not be so clear cut. The Operations Director (or designate) will decide on the appropriate course of action, then use the office-specific Slack channel, plus an email to the distribution list for the office, to communicate about any incidents and inform people of any actions that may be required. They will also liaise with the company-wide operations team to keep them informed of what is going on, and to ask for any help that may be needed.
